Update README to include transactions & new monorepo structure (#270)
zkworks-xyz/noir-ethereum-history-api: README.md

# vLayer monorepo

This monorepo contains two sub-projects:
* **noir-ethereum-history-api** - [Noir](https://noir-lang.org) library for proving and verifying historical data on the Ethereum blockchain and other EVM compatible blockchains. It supports proving accounts, storage, logs, receipts & transactions. Checkout it's **[docs](./ethereum_history_api/README.md)** for more details.

> * **vLayer** - Contains examples of what can be achieved using **noir-ethereum-history-api**. It's a work in progress and lacks documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **vLayer** - Contains real life examples of what can be built using **noir-ethereum-history-api**. It's a work in progress and lacks documentation.
```
